come on baby what's the matter with you
oh oh oh man I am so tired what is going
on why is that baby keep crying why
don't you shut it up I tears she's she
just cries all the time when we need to
go to the store she'd never wants to go
can you watch her while I go to the
store you know what no you know what no
I'm done I'm done I'm leaving I'm just
gonna leave I don't even know why I had
this baby I don't even know why don't
you explain to me why we had this baby
um because Canton she came out of my
belly you little thing you know I'm done
with you you know what I'm done with you
you take your annoying little baby and
go find another home and another car in
another husband goodbye several days
later Ted no oh my God he's such not for
me I just wanted to kick him out of the
home but he just went out of there like
he's such not good for me nope not
having another one nope never boop boop
oh I didn't see there I thought you were
paparazzi for a second cuz I've been
falling around after a beat-down on that
one kid so uh you want a tour my house
follow me oh whoa watch it watch it man
watch it watch it move that thing know
where that came from stupid humans I
can't even leave us toy so long look
here i am in my house and uh what in the
name of God
Cheryl what are you doing Cheryl wake up
why are you sleeping with this man I was
sleeping and I didn't know he came in
this house and then he just get on the
bed it's like stupid why didn't you why
don't you kick him out I tried to but
but he just scatter it away oh you know
what you know what just just hold it
right there hey hey Bob go wake up oh
how nice Bob Oh wake up kid are you
doing man what is your problem what
what'd he do have so many beers um I
don't know if he had so many beer looks
like he's he's extremely hungover come
here kid come here I'm going to report
you to the police if you don't tell me
why you're here I'm waiting it is
because I just snuck in this house to
sleep with your stupid little life and
why is that because she's stupid haha
each air after a series of bad beatings
okay I'm sorry dude I'll get out of your
house oh good riddance next time a guy
comes into our bed kick them square
where it hurts you mean in the butt no
even worse well I gotta go so I'll see
you later okay bye bye oh why didn't you
just use the door
oh no I was just trying to make a
serious entrance well whatever bye ah
yeah yeah yeah